um so everybody it's serious why I'm
sorry being really quiet maybe maybe the
microphones with sensitive or something
but it's really late at night and I
don't want to wake up anybody so yeah
I'm going to be doing my favorite games
let's get right into it so first of all
my favorite one of my favorite games is
toca city because because you couldn't
role play in it I don't know Mike from
focusing it out Wow okay um yeah and
other than any other toca life games you
could actually change their hair style
as easy you can change our hair silent
if know either like couldn't do this and
any other regular poker game so yeah the
next one I really like is best feeds
forever it's weird cuz i don't really
like best fiend so yeah it does take a
while to load though so that's me you
should be aware of
so you probably already know what the
game is about where you defeat these
slugs by tapping and you defeat bosses
and your time and you can level up your
slugs like I'm doing right now and you
can get them to be really powerful and
i'm just going to fight the boss right
now just to give you a demonstration so
otters lover so you can get morphine's
as you defeat bosses and i think that's
awesome and it saves automatically for
you and that's great so I yeah so the
next one I love is toca mini I know
there a lot of tough games i love but
it's only because well toca Boca is such
a creative name for okay this is not a
sponsored video by the way it's not
letting me skip the ad for some reason
ok now I'm going to skip the ad just
don't pay attention to that ok took a
mini so you can decorate your on me um
my you see profile picture is a top of
mini i made so as you can see kids are
some facial features you know all
regular stuff you could make like casper
someone like three we just made ghost
and you can use all these backgrounds
and you can take a picture for example
and it'll save to your camera roll so
it's sad when they look away and they're
so mad at you and some total life games
are some token minifigures but they are
alive
um yeah so on to the next game and it's
the last game it's longer go viral I
just think it's such a great game it's
made by taps game you don't need Wi-Fi
it's completely free from the App Store
and really i'll tell you the story on
how i found this app i found this out
because I saw like dantdm trying um
playing this game on the computer where
you like YouTube simulator but I tried
searching down my iOS device my iPad and
it did not work so that yeah because it
didn't show up but now it it costs money
on the iOS but i ran across long ago
viral and it's really amazing so I'm
just gonna oh man um so technically to
click our game from taps games or you
like click and then you get like videos
oh my gosh there's so many ad at by the
way a lot of these have a lot of ads no
offense but you can use you can reply to
comments you can ban the haters and love
the fans as in real life and this
channel marketing where you can like up
your views the only reason this is like
taking more time is because well take
more time and game and it's also my
absolute favorite so um there's also
studio props I'm almost gonna get the
mascot but I don't have enough money yet
um these are power-ups thing
money or gems oh and i forgot to mention
that there are these coffee mugs that
will fasten up your column your time
like fasten up your time when you top
I've gone through this ad in the wine
time but so you get presta jizz which
are these crowns by uploading five
videos so I'm just going to look at my
videos I published 41 so everybody by
those were my favorite games I hope the
microphone and the audio is great I'm
not really sure bye bye